**February 9th, 2019**  
There are people who relish in the silence, for us however it was torture. We had been fighting for months on the Eastern front, we had to make sure they didn't break through; we had to make sure they couldn't infect our families with their we retched ways. Months of battle had taken its toll on our troops, we were fighting a never ending battle with little progress being made, the issue was their numbers. We would take out entire squads of the creatures and there would just be more of them. There has been a rumour for some time now among the men that they're actually nesting in their trenches, part of me is starting the believe that rumour.  

**February 10th, 2019**  
Our artillery arrives tomorrow, we just have to hold out until then, once it arrives we'll be able to send these cretins back to the pit in hell they crawled out of. We've been hearing strange sounds in no man's land recently. It's like a strained howling.

**February 11th, 2019**  
I don't know how much time I have, they've broken our line. We sent a runner to tell the artillery teams to hold back and if we fail to strike our location. Our two outer trenches have fallen, I was in one it was fucking terrible. They JUMPED over the barbed wire and into the trenches and massacred the men there. They had no respect for the sanctity of war it's fucking dispicable, how they once called themselves humans I don't know. All I know is they're not humans anymore...
It's over, they're moving in on our squads position I think we're the last ones standing here, we've held up in a small house on the outskirts of the battle, I can hear a drum bass getting louder and louder. The gates of Tik Tok have fallen, the channel is now open. I pray the brave men and women holding at Discord are ready for the storm about to fall on them. We've shot out flare up, hopefully it'll draw more of the bastards in on us, let's hope the artillery have good aim.
________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
Above is an extract from a diary found on a unidentifiable corpse, recovered from the allies final stand on the Eastern boarder. The Furries will go on to move against the nation's capital, Discord. Luckily due to the brave acts of these fallen hero, we were ready, we were ready to win this fight. 

**From the ashes we rise -**

The thumping had stopped, the bass around us had quieted. Our last ditch effort had worked: those beautiful bastards had shelled our position with everything they had and through thick and thin some of us survived. Our ramshackled house had collapsed in the barrage but some of us managed to make it into the cellar before it fell. We waited down there for what seemed like an eternity, once we heard the horde move on we managed to slowly shift rubble and make an opening to crawl out of. Our squad of ten men was down to four now, we found our dead in the heap; or what was left of them.
We could see the beasts finishing their ascent up the mountain, and started to make our way up as well. On the way to the summit we scavenged what ammo we could from our fallen brothers and tried to think of what we could do, we needed to get a message somehow to Discord, we were trapped behind enemy lines. We looked for a radio operator on our trip to the summit but we could only find damaged radios, hell, it was the best we would get. We took the damaged radios we could and started our ascent.
It took us the better part of a day to ascend and the invading army was nowhere to be seen. We made for a slightly higher portion of the hills so we could try and spot them. Eventually Jacobs managed to glimpse them down below, it was an awful view. Thousands upon thousands of them were moving through the hills. More than we had at our disposal. They were pulling these carts with what looked like egg sacks on the back of them. Well that explains how they reproduce so fast. We followed from up high and observed them.
For two days we did this while trying, during the nights when they stopped we would work on trying to get a radio operational but it was hard work and a lot of guesswork. On the third day we had a brief moment of joy, we managed to get a radio functioning, to a degree anyway. We stopped and through the broken signal managed to convey where we roughly where and the situation. The operator told us that they were building up defences but at the speed they're moving they wouldn't be ready in time. A splinter cell of forces are moving around to try and hit them on the flanks when they break through the hills but they'll divert some of them to try and get us out. A thought came to us after this conversation, we needed time, their hooves and paws made it easier for them to quickly. Move through the hills, if someone could slow them down even for a day or two it would give Discord a fighting chance.

We took stock of our supplies, a few magazines each and some scavenged explosives. A four man team could easily sneak in at night and perform some counter attacks on the fuckers. We planned for the night, we couldn't be in their camp when our attacks went off, their were too many of them they would sniff us out instantly. We would split up, two teams myself and Lucky would take care for the festering egg sacks while Jacobs and Williams will set up a few trip mines and start a few fires. Meanwhile we had four camouflaged locations in the hills for each of us to go to and start opening fire when the chaos unfolds. We knew the risks and made out for the attack.
There were roughly two dozen egg sack carts. We decided to bury some trip mines under them and attacked the wires to the wheels, so when they tried to move them away, boom. It was slow work, we had to take out a few patrols that came too close but we eventually finished. We started for our shooting positions, when we heard the scream. Jacobs and Williams had been made out, as we ran to our positions I could hear him yelling bloody murder, and for Williams to run. I got into position and saw a black figure moving from the camp and shots going off inside. Two heartbeats later a mine went off and the screams stopped. Fire had erupted of of that explosion, the tents were a blaze and we opened fire on the animals falling from the tents confused. Unfortunately they started to realise what had happened. They started to fall on our positions but due to the nature they moved the egg carts out of harm's way. Bad move. A dozen explosions littered the night, and the beasts were in a rage now. Objects where landing near my position, they couldn't tell exactly where I was but an axe did clip me. I yelled for the retreat. We moved back up the hill while taking shots when we could. Williams fell to a spear in the back. Lucky despite his name tripped and they pounced in him. I smiled as they chased me up the hill, it was all I could do. My friends were all dead, and I was likely next... But we had done our duty, we crippled their next batch of troops and caused heavy damage to their camps. It would definitely slow them down but for how long I couldn't say. I didn't feel the axe in my leg initially. It's strange to run with something protruding out of your leg, but the adrenaline takes hold and you keep going. I did however, feel the claws that then dug into my shoulders. One of the lighter faster ones had caught up to me and took me down. He was clawing at me as I tried to fight him off. This was it, it was over despite everything my fighting would be done.

Then the ringing in my ears started. I felt the body on top of me go lump and felt a warm sensation around my hands buried in the fur. I managed to push the body off and rolled over to see him standing over me, putting away that ridiculous revolver he carried. He shouted an order and machine gun fire started. He helped me to my feet and helped me out of the ensuing battle. I still remember the words he said to me, "UAG will always come for our own, Rados.”
